[Music]
don't be nervous you want to give me
some tips don't mess it up I love you
too let's get a picture
I feel take it though so it doesn't suck
alright big smiles
[Music]
Melissa hi Philip Wow
yes it's been a long time it must seem
strange we keep showing up here after
all these years I've only ever been with
brownie the night that he died five
years ago
I know some strange miracle has happened
his baby inside me belongs to Ronan
get her out of my house it is completely
impossible to take shape not completely
impossible oh she seems stable why are
you doing this
[Music]
Ronnie would have liked you looking out
for him you two always had a thing
there's more answers than those you can
see
[Music]
I'm not crazy it's just the only answer
that there is is it
a confused
what did you do to her Richard
you just have this big web of deceit
going on
[Music]
if we knew the whole truth would we be
less afraid or more
[Music]
rated pg-13